1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I used Python bacause a lot of experience with the language and its technologies. The assessment
required reading in a csv file so I used the pandas library to help with that. Also, I believe
my written code in Python is similar to that of direct pseudocode (as opposed to other languages), 
thus allowing my code to be easily readable and explainable to my audience.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

Advantages:
- error testing for invalid input
- pandas makes code more readable -- also more efficient for large datasets

Disadvantages:
- while I included some error testing, it wasn't exhaustive (e.g. if csv exists but certain columns don't exist/are out of order, if points is a float whether that should be valid)
- my solution requires sorting which is O(nlogn) runtime -- not sure if anything can decrease runtime drastically, but a different data structure could optimize the runtime a little
- pandas isn't built-in to Python - the csv library could've been another option if we don't want to install dependencies

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

When I took systems programming last fall, the first assignment was to build a LaTeX-like macroprocessor in C. I really
enjoyed the project because it challenged me in new ways -- I had to think about the dozens upon dozens of edge cases
and potential errors that were beyond the scope of projects I'd worked on before. Because of this I learned to prepare
and map out a plan of my course of action prior to starting coding the assignment. After I started coding I was able to
make minor adjustments accordingly without disrupting the core functionality of my program. After a week and a half and
35+ hrs coding up the macroprocessor later (the assignments in this usually took 30-50 hrs), I felt fulfilled for having
built a very in-depth and complete program that challenged me to the limit as a problem-solver.
